stop that I want to talk to you about
kissing in general I've been meaning to
ask you about that I want to know why I
would want to do it physical pleasure
don't you do anything on your planet
that includes physical pleasure yes
there's one thing in it's against the
law and I I can't tell you a way with
women
we're having a man man talk here or
whatever all right yeah
when a woman such as a man here
it drives me sad but you're telling me
if somebody touch
this next well it only happened to me
once I disaster came over me and I
didn't control myself I my life I became
a beast tonight I jerked her earlobe
I'd be good at myself understand
understand till minutes are up
you must be Morty
I'm Laverne pleased I to him please no
no
no no yeah well you know I gotta go now
because somebody's fixed me up with
another jerk call Jack
that was a fine sure customs you just
give him a break all right
okay tell not to jerk it makes me
nervous
don't you who do you mess up
all right look if you get in a situation
and you don't know what to do just
follow what the Vern does cuz she knows
the ropes right I know the ropes - I can
tie a square hitch a sheepshank many
many more we're not going for a merit
badge check all right listen you two
Thank You saxhaug
that's fancy huh Oh more key I'm not
real good in geography this soft place
where is that off Greece no we all
consume in off Greece for at least five
limbs
now full of organs we use this gauge or
the ever-popular lima cook of course I
don't understand why we don't use limo
books probably our engines couldn't
handle it they would either overload and
pollute the atmosphere or destroy the
universe as you know it is it time to
flatter you sure you have a lovely
fungus growing out of your head
fungus what fungus fungus or any major
group of fungi including mushrooms mold
or mildew no the one I want to impress a
guy what a fancy dude amazing I'm
impressed
is it time to kiss yet
I don't think so I'm sorry I'm new at
this dating ritual what's the next step
why don't you guys sit down on the couch
huh
nothing just going now oh you sit funds
like I must adjust and copy
guys make fun of me if you keep making
fun of me I'm going to give you a fat
lip fat lip
oh no rejection I merely wanted to
experience the dating process failure Oh
No return to hatchlings day
welcome real sorry I mean I didn't mean
to reject you don't suck your finger
your teeth will end up like mine I
really would like to maintain
you touch me No
now let's give me your ello your earlobe
delicious one
I think she liked me